Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Terms
By accessing the application, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this application. The materials contained in application are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at the app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
 
What types of information do we collect?
For a better experience, we collect and use non-personal information about you:
Bugs and errors. Where and when do they occur?
How long do users use our app?
How do our users use our app and which features and content are the most valuable.
This helps us to improve our product and deliver to you the most awesome experience. 
 
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Firebase Crashlytics
Amplitude
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
This helps us to improve our product and deliver to you the most awesome experience. 
 
 
 
 
 
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
 
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
 
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
 
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-04-04
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at gifme@gmail.com
